addressbook/tests/ModifyContact.java
 addressbook.tests.ModifyContact
addressbook/model/GroupData.java
 addressbook.model.GroupData
addressbook/tests/GroupCreationTests.java
 addressbook.tests.GroupCreationTests
 addressbook.tests.GroupCreationTests$1
addressbook/model/Contacts.java
 addressbook.model.Contacts
addressbook/appmanager/NavigationHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.NavigationHelper
addressbook/appmanager/GroupHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.GroupHelper
addressbook/appmanager/DbHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.DbHelper
addressbook/generators/GroupDataGenerator.java
 addressbook.generators.GroupDataGenerator
addressbook/tests/TestBase.java
 addressbook.tests.TestBase
addressbook/tests/ContactPhoneTests.java
 addressbook.tests.ContactPhoneTests
addressbook/tests/HbConnectionTest.java
 addressbook.tests.HbConnectionTest
addressbook/tests/GroupModificationTests.java
 addressbook.tests.GroupModificationTests
addressbook/generators/ContactDataGenerator.java
 addressbook.generators.ContactDataGenerator
addressbook/appmanager/ContactHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.ContactHelper
addressbook/tests/GroupDeletionTests.java
 addressbook.tests.GroupDeletionTests
addressbook/tests/ContactEmailTests.java
 addressbook.tests.ContactEmailTests
addressbook/tests/CreateContact.java
 addressbook.tests.CreateContact
 addressbook.tests.CreateContact$1
addressbook/tests/ContactInformationTests.java
 addressbook.tests.ContactInformationTests
addressbook/model/Groups.java
 addressbook.model.Groups
addressbook/model/ContactGroup.java
 addressbook.model.ContactGroup
addressbook/appmanager/SessionHelper.java
 addressbook.appmanager.SessionHelper
addressbook/tests/DeleteContact.java
 addressbook.tests.DeleteContact
addressbook/appmanager/HelperBase.java
 addressbook.appmanager.HelperBase
addressbook/tests/DbConnectionTest.java
 addressbook.tests.DbConnectionTest
addressbook/tests/ContactAddressTests.java
 addressbook.tests.ContactAddressTests
addressbook/appmanager/ApplicationManager.java
 addressbook.appmanager.ApplicationManager
